---
title: "What you do with 1 billion"
date: 2025-06-21
layout: post
author: GreenMind
github_url: https://github.com/Eru078/sustainability-blog/blob/main/_posts/What-you-do-with-1-billion/2025-06-21-what-you-do-with-1-billion.md
---

1 billion bucks meaning powers, it can be used to altering the system where money were streamlined. every great ideas were hindered to be exsist as money were the circulation of natural selection for an idea of a systems survival. for me 1B powers can be used as a tickets for making our campaign to participate in the systems, well the campaign is our realization ideas as to make better worlds--though it can be illusions; so the idea if became savior is worst optional choices--as I would dreaming and treating humanity as mere toys and I'm the idiots--this what I just imagine about utopias.

well so better to participate on the systems beyond ideological normative, a systems in the scope of business like making an organization as to create a company that is capable and elaborative as a place for an ideas to be made-up and as intermediary for an idea and customers or consumers, economical systems like market, infrastructure, and management of micro efficiency also macro policy. well it's not only limited to the systems beyond ideological normative as mentioned, it's can be also mediating "the hobby" as way of participating in the art of universal "enjoyments" or as a way revolting meaninglessness of the void and a way to fill the gaps or cracks in our voidness. what do I mean by art is can be ideological but this is more of an inspirations as approaching how to participate as a higher level of beings that has seen the fog of illusion and seeing illusions as an instruments to illusionate the others as to inspires in order to makes them more enjoying the illusions or can be liberating as to inspires others to see the ugly illusions they were in.

well what do I mean by beauty of the illusions? beauty in sense of high level concepts of an arts--It was an illusions that worth embrace and persevering as the main ideas to keep us function more better as the higher level ecstacy. now what I will do with that 1b? well I can make foundational steps as to make primordial systems for bridging the epoch of reaching the ultimate goal like a grown up Capital in the sectors that will bridging the true destiny or goals--like the end goal can be for conquer Mars as to further develop more powers, also can be more distance toward currents evils act like developing drones army and gundam machinary. well this is the way--but of course I need to make sure the systems I was constructed thriving truly high level intelligence organization for the sanctuary of exceptional individual beings that reach the illusions of high level of consciousness of pro--not only pro but also contextuals as not trapped in the universality of stupidity--like arrogance, stiff heartless, or even brutal evils with no hearts or harmony of a feelings--well I am so obscene as to mentioning the words feelings as not be missunderstood for being evils or witty arrogance like anime villains.

well that is just the end goals and maybe just used as a compass to keep the spirits of working or making things as valuable as reaching towards the end goals--well seems like absolute idealist but that's just a visions for rebuttals against the ugly truth--well ugly truth in sense maybe my assumptions could be not wrong--so it wasnt idealism driven by, just forcing better illusions as the ideology for the normative normalizations and standarivication of a cultural or the new standards--well sometimes people wont change as they were too comfortable with the illusions. so what is my true ideas I will working on, or what the makings we can create from 1b we receive? well too many look at the industry of animation? with 1 billions we can bring our shits to be new base for the industry category? look at the automations industry? well you can prototype as the beginning of establishing the manufacture to mass producing the shit drones that can be used for the improvement maybe the chain of shipping--then the company will be the alibi as to build secret projects like drone army's.. well this is more of a greed of capitalism drivens--this another problems for another topics..

well prototyping the main core ideas as to make the sanctuary functions---or prototyping as to get our shit known---or even to develop high level illusions that higher than ecstacy; maybe for the comforts..
